#The Task

For this assignment you will write a rudimentary text editor that allows the user to edit 5 lines of text, where each line is no longer than 80 characters.   The editor should allow the user to continue editing as long as desired and should print the current state of the edit buffer after each edit.

The editor is a 'line editor' in that the user must edit one line at a time.  The user can specify which line should be edited by choosing a line number from a menu.   

The only two editing operations possible are to replace an entire line with a new line, or to replace a substring in the line with a new substring.

## Musts
The program should not accept incorrect menu choices from the user.  If the user creates a string that is longer than 80 characters the string should be truncated to fit the 80 character limit.  The program should simply make no changes if the user tries to replace a substring that does not exist in the string.

Your program must use functions.  Some functions are required, but you may make other functions as you see fit.   You may not change the name, return type, or the parameter list types for required functions.

### Required Function One:

`int replaceInString(char original[], char substring[], char replace[]);`

This function causes the original string to be modified such that the first occurrence of substring is removed from the original string and the contents of replace are inserted in its place.  replaceInString does not do the replacing of text directly.  It calls findSubString and insertString.    The function returns 0 if the operation fails and 1 if the operation is successful.

### Required Function Two:

`int findSubString(char original[], char toFind[]);`

This function finds the first occurrence of toFind in original and returns an integer representing the index of the first element of the toFind substring in original.  For example if toFind was 'cat' and original was 'thundercat' the function would return 7 since the begining of 'cat' in 'thundercat' is position 7.  If the function does not find a substring it should return -1

note:  do not use existing substring functions such as strstr as a solution for this function.  Solve the algorithm yourself. You may use basic string functions such as strlen and strcat.

### Required Function Three:

`void insertString(char original[], int start, int length, char toInsert[]);`

- original is the original string from the editor
- start is the index of the first character of the substring to be removed
- length is the number of characters in the substring to be removed
- toInsert is the string to be inserted in place of the removed substring

This function replaces the contents of original  with the following sequence of characters:  

- the characters from original up to position start-1
- the characters from toInsert 
- the remaining characters of original, excluding the characters of the substring that is being removed.  

## Deliverables

There are two different programs to submit for this assignment:

2. A c program called editor.c that uses the functions to implement a line editor as described in the previous text.

## Bonus

This material will likely not be taught in time for the assignment due date.  You will have to read ahead if you want to try for bonus marks.

The editor  takes a filename on the command line using argv/argc,  opens the file for reading/writing, and load its contents, if any, into the 5 lines of the editor.   Edits are then written back to the file when the editor is exited
